he's been talking about it
since the campaign trail
do not worry we
are going to build the wall okay
don't even think of it
well we have been
thinking about it and we have some
questions
five to be exact
first what would Trump's wall actually
look like?
on the campaign trail in 2015
Trump was clear that his wall was of the
cement block variety
I'll tell you what
it's gonna be made of it's gonna be made of
hardened concrete impenetrable physical
tall, powerful.
but his view started to
shift in the last year the problem is
you have to have see-through you have to
know what's on the other side of the
wall
more recently Trump has said that
his wall will look more like
artistically designed steel slats you
can see through.
if I build a steel wall
rather than a concrete wall it will
actually be stronger than a concrete
steel is stronger than concrete
question number two how much of a wall already
exists?
one-third of the us-mexico border
already has some sort of barrier that is
about 600 miles are already covered with
a fence the border is 1,900 miles long
the trump's proposed wall would be 1,000
miles natural obstacles will take care
of the rest
number three how much will it cost?
in
2017 Trump said it would cost ten
billion dollars or less
that same year elite homeland security
document reported it would cost twenty
one point six billion other estimates
are much much higher today Trump is
asking Congress for the 5.6 billion is
such a small number which brings us to
question number four
who is going to pay for this?
and Mexico will pay for the wall
we are
not paying that is stupid wall build it if you want with the US taxpayers money
he's now said he can get the money from
other government agencies the
president's asked every one of his
cabinet secretaries to look for funding
that can be used Democrats have pushed
back saying this won't happen without
congressional approval
speaking of Democrats what do they want
on the border?
well they say they'd spend some money on
border security but according to Nancy
Pelosi they're not doing a wall that
does a body have any doubt that we're
not doing a wall